code-server GA doc updates (#562)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/updating-your-project-in-code-server-with-changes-from-a-remote-git-repository.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id='updating-your-project-in-code-server-with-changes-from-a-remote-git-repository_{context}']
= Updating your project in code-server with changes from a remote Git repository

[role='_abstract']

> You can pull changes made by other users into your data science project from a remote Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pull changes made by other users into your workbench from a remote Git repository.
```

.Prerequisites
* You have configured the remote Git repository.

> * You have already imported the Git repository into code-server, and the contents of the repository are visible in the Explorer in code-server.

Reviewer 2: remove already

* You have permissions to pull files from the remote Git repository to your local repository.
* You have credentials for logging in to code-server.

> * You have a launched and running code-server workbench.

Reviewer 2: same comment as before - just running

.Procedure

> . In your code-server workbench, from the Activity Bar, click the *Source Control* button (image:images/code-server-source-control-button.png[Source Control button]).

Reviewer 2: workbench?
